Mychal Lipson
Jeff Bauer

Homework 5 Writeup

1)
After implementing the Python code in C++, we added an FPS tracker
that displays the rate at which frames are processed.  In Python,
the program was reporting that it was running at 15 FPS, whereas
the C++ program reported that it was running at 48 FPS.  This is
a very noticeable speedup for the C++ version.

2)
Timing was done by counting the number of cycles that the program
has gone through since it started and divided by the number of 
seconds since the program started.  This is displayed along with
the data of the tracked ball in the console output.

3)
The hardest part about the python code is that it was not properly
indented. Luckily you had commented in where methods ended which made
it a lot easier to figure out. It would have been a lot easier to understand
if the python code had proper indentation since there are no symbols
that indicate start and ends of program flow in python.

4)
Jeff - I didn't have a problem with the code itself, but I did run
into a lot of issues with both getting my camera to be recognized
by OpenCV and with getting the Python version of the program to run
(There were some difficulties with getting the correct version of
numpy)

Mychal - The tough part about the conversion was that python doesn't 
have types, and that python opencv methods return values, whereas c++
opencv methods are all void and you pass in the destination object.
Luckily VS made that slightly easier since it tells you all the method
signatures so figuring out what datatypes you need was a bit clearer.

5)
We planned on equally doing the conversion, but since Jeff had some
problems with his camera, Mychal wrote most of the conversion.
Jeff worked on some of the code conersion, testing that the code 
worked properly, and also added the FPS counters for speed testing.

6)
We used Git to share the code, so there were no problems.

7)
One thing you could do to make it more appealing to kids is putting
a cool image where the circles are. This could be something like a smiley
face or something along those lines that little kids like.

8)
No, I would not change the code at all.  The code works well enough
for its purpose, and adding anything to better track the ball would
most likely slow the program down.

9)
It's always nice to test the program from time to time and record
the results to see the differences between changes.  Particularly,
if we were attempting to make changes that were meant to either
improve the speed or accuracy of the program, it would be wise to
record how well the program operates before making the changes so
that results can be compared between the two.  Since we used source
control, testing older version would not be a problem for us.

10)
I would change the program to try using data from previous frames
to help it find balls in further frames.  Based on the settings of
the sliders, the detector could be tracking a ball in one frame, but
then immediately think that the ball is not there the next frame.
Instead, it would be nice if the program knew that there was a ball
in some position in one frame, then the ball is probably near that
location in the next frame, so it can loosen its constraints to so
that it does not lose the ball immediately.

11)
No
